Add new images and update references in FAQ (#428)
spyder-ide/spyder-docs: doc/faq.rst

Reviewer: `faq-change-environment-console.webp` should be added below this line, as we talked about before.

@CAM-Gerlach, please take care of that.

Reviewer 2: I added detailed comments about where exactly every missing image should go, but I go can through and add them myself if you want.

Reviewer 2: Added all of them

   If you already installed Spyder on your Windows machine, you do not need to reinstall it on a WSL2-based Linux environment to run your code there.

>    Instead, just create a new Conda or venv/virtualenv environment (using system Python without a venv is **not** recommended), then install Spyder-Kernels into that environment with e.g. ``conda install -c conda-forge spyder-kernels``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Instead, just create a new Conda environment (with ``conda create -n my-env -c conda-forge python``) or venv/virtualenv (using system Python without a venv is **not** recommended); and then install Spyder-Kernels into that environment with ``conda install -c conda-forge spyder-kernels`` or ``pip install spyder-kernels``, respectively.
```

We need to be more explicit here because we don't know if users created their env with defaults or Conda-forge, which could lead to a mix of incompatible packages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

   Instead, create a new Conda environment (with ``conda create -n my-env -c conda-forge python``) or venv/virtualenv (with e.g. ``python -m venv .my-env``), activate it (``conda activate my-env`` or ``source .my-env/bin/activate``) and then install Spyder-Kernels into that environment (with ``conda install -c conda-forge spyder-kernels`` or ``pip install spyder-kernels``, respectively).

   .. caution::

      Using system Python without a virtual environment is **not** recommended.
```

.. dropdown:: Q: How do I update Spyder using conda?
   :name: update-conda

>    From the command line (Anaconda Prompt on Windows), run the following if you've installed Spyder as we recommend, in a separate environment or using the Miniforge (recommended) or Miniconda distributions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   From the command line (Anaconda Prompt on Windows), run the following if you've installed Spyder as we recommend, in a separate environment or using the Miniforge or Miniconda distributions:
```

Avoid repeating `recommend`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   From the command line (Anaconda Prompt on Windows), run the following if you've installed Spyder as we suggest, in a separate environment or using the Miniforge (recommended) or Miniconda distributions:
```

   .. code-block:: shell

      conda update -c conda-forge spyder

   Alternatively, run these commands only if you're using it through the Anaconda ``base`` environment (i.e. installed by default with Anaconda):

   .. code-block:: shell

      conda update anaconda  # ONLY IF USING THE ANACONDA BASE ENVIRONMENT
      conda update spyder

   Either way, if this results in an error or does not update Spyder to the latest version, try:

   .. code-block:: shell

>       conda install -c conda-forge spyder=6

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      conda install spyder=6
```

We don't need this because:
* If you're using Miniforge, `conda-forge` is the default channel.
* If you're using Anaconda, that would lead to a mix of defaults/conda-forge packages.

   Your operating system will typically allow you to pin this shortcut for even quicker access (to the Taskbar on Windows, the Dock on macOS or your distro's quick launcher on Linux).
   If installed via Conda in its own environment, the shortcut will have the environment name in its title, and multiple shortcuts for different Spyder environments may be available.

>      .. image:: /images/faq/faq-windows-launch.webp

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   .. image:: /images/faq/faq-windows-launch.webp
```

There's a syntax mistake here where this has an extra indent level (in the original)

Reviewer 2: Fixed in my commit

.. dropdown:: Q: How do I install Python packages to use within Spyder if I installed Spyder with Conda?
   :name: using-install-packages

   The first approach for installing a package should be using Conda.

>    In your system terminal (Anaconda Prompt on Windows), activate the Conda environment you want to use with Spyder (you should **not** install packages into the Anaconda ``base`` environment, as you may break Anaconda and force a reinstall).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your system terminal (or Anaconda Prompt on Windows), type:
```

This new sentence is more confusing than helpful for an FAQ (newbies usually don't know what an env is). So, I propose to revert it to leave things as they were.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   In your system terminal (Anaconda Prompt on Windows), run the following command (making sure to activate the Conda environment you want to use with Spyder, if you've created one):
```

>    Then, type:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Replace this with the above.

   .. code-block:: bash

>       conda install -c conda-forge <PACKAGE-NAME>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      conda install <PACKAGE-NAME>
```

To go with my suggestion above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      conda install <PACKAGE-NAME>

   .. caution::

      You should avoid installing packages into the Anaconda ``base`` environment, as you may break Anaconda and force a reinstall.
```

   Check the option :guilabel:`Remove all variables before execution` of the :guilabel:`Configuration per file` dialog under the :guilabel:`Run` menu.

>    .. image:: /images/faq/faq-remove-variables.webp

Reviewer: This image is too big. I think that should be possible using rst options, right @CAM-Gerlach?

Reviewer 2: Yes but IMO would be better to just rescale the original image directly to avoid the file being unnecessarily big and double rescaling in the browser.

Author: Image updated at 400px wide.

   If you want to quickly switch between multiple groups of settings, you can save them to separate presets by setting a different :guilabel:`Name` under :guilabel:`Configuration properties`.

>    .. image:: /images/faq/faq-run-options.webp

Reviewer: This image needs to be smaller too.

Author: Image updated at 400px wide.
